docs/coding_standards.md, before:

# [sickbay](../)

## Coding Standards

### Style Guide

I'm a C++ programmer who is used to the ASCII C++ Style Guide, which is a modified Google C++ Style Guide, the biggest difference is that constants start with c rather than k, because there is no k in constant and I never took the math class those guys took where they're using k, we used c like a sane person; but ASCII Python isn't out yet. The community is in control the Style Guide.

### Metric Units

1. All code shall be stored internally using standard base metric units; meaning store in Meters, Grams, Liters, etc.

### Doxygen Tags

1. Doxygen tags shall be used minimally to ensure the system operates more safely to protect from death and injury.

## How to Contribute

The best way to learn how to contribute to SickBay is to read the Quickstart Guide of the Pandemic Cookbook at <https://pandemiccookbook.org/getting_started/quickstart_guide>.

## License

Copyright © 2020 [Kabuki Starship](https://kabukistarship.com).

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can obtain one at <https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/>.

Commit message:

Detail.SickBay.Start console app with 3 states for Init, Monitor, and ShutDown. #16

docs/coding_standards.md, after:

# [SickBay](../)

## Coding Standards

### Style Guide

This style guide is designed to be easier to read out loud. If you want someone to memorize a web address, it's best not to have any spaces or underscores.

1. All member names shall be UpperSnakeCase; if we only had one to use this would be the one we would probably all pick because people rarely say underscore when they talk.
1. The standard metric base units used shall be Seconds, Centimeters, Kilograms, Liters.
1. Doxygen tags shall be used minimally to ensure the system operates more safely to protect from death and injury; this is here with the warning that bug are easily hidden by noisy Doxygen tags and easily hidden without.

## How to Contribute

The best way to learn how to contribute to SickBay is to read the Quickstart Guide of the Pandemic Cookbook at <https://pandemiccookbook.org/getting_started/quickstart_guide>.

## License

Copyright © 2020 [Kabuki Starship](https://kabukistarship.com).

This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can obtain one at <https://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/>.
